Update decomposition check in assert_valid (#7099)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  abstractions between logical qubits and physical qubits.
  [(#6962)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6962)

> * The `assert_valid` method can now optionally skip the check that a decomposition must not contain 
>   operators of the same class as the `Operation` being decomposed.
>   [(#7099)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7099)

Author: ```suggestion
* The `assert_valid` method now validates that an operator's decomposition does not contain 
  the operator itself, instead of checking that it does not contain any operators of the same class as the operator.
  [(#7099)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7099)
```
